Gwenevere Abriel: Supposed to be Heather.
Gwenevere Abriel: Domingos bio psychosocial although shall see her checked in yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe verbatim. When I asked questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Questions such as
Gwenevere Abriel: Inquiry, and then just write the client does not endorse Hi, good morning, how are you
Galaxy J7 Crown: Good morning. I'm good. I think I might have set my alarm for PM instead of am
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It works and makes a big difference, isn't it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, but I don't know I I still wake up anyway though like I was laying there thinking about it and I popped up and I was like oh crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's today's a busy day. Like I mentioned on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can prop me up somewhere nightstand coffee table book case anywhere that the the the device won't be moving back and forth. So you can kind of plot be somewhere maybe a book or a plate or something just to hold it from sliding down
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm just holding it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead and find someplace. If you could where it's going to stay stationary just resting somewhere. It doesn't have to be fancy. Fishman say just anything else. Stay, stay put.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. Um, before we dive right in and I'll get to know you a little bit based on some of the things that you share with me this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I haven't had a chance to even introduce myself. We talked a little bit on the phone, but I want to give you just at least a little intro of who your therapist is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here in Florida, and I've been licensed for over 20 years in Florida, and it had a new mexico license. It'll be going on three years in June. It was specifically just to work with bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else, most of my career has been working with folks who are struggling with substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Started working with families and couples and kids and it just seemed like everywhere that I was going, it seemed like either right in that family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or right right next to it was some sort of compulsive addictive behavior and I became very intrigued and wanted to know more about it. I never left have worked in felony drug court 14 years private practice residential
Gwenevere Abriel: Aap so more corporate kind of stuff and I'm now kind of settling in here with telemedicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I use my phone. Just a couple of these are real quick stuff I use my phone and you saw it for scheduling appointments. Notice I sent something and I said hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just confirm hey yeah I'll be there. And that's it. But I want to psychotherapy on the phone. In other words, you might be going through something and you have access to my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the response back might feel cold, but it won't intend to but it'll probably sound like hey let's schedule something in person in here and zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: And for a lot of people. That's kind of confusing because normally very playful, there's lots of kind of fun. That happens inside of it. And there's real accessibility but therapy. Can't really happen effectively through texting. So I've watched that over the many years and done her work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to hear me talk a lot about a recovery journal, you may have the connection was poor, but I don't know if you've ever heard that inside the group setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you happen to have laying around or keep your eye out for it sometime in the next week or two, just some sort of binary something we can kind of keep notes, things that you observed about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe there'll be a little something that year maybe from from another client that really resonates for you or you may want to journal. A later on about it under more reflective time
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of have that handy. Every time group rolls around. You want me to too much in here because what you and I are going to do is psychotherapy and you don't you need hands free
Gwenevere Abriel: For that sometimes I'll be doing activities where it'll be a lot, cognitive, behavioral, but I do some experiential exercises where you might actually be kind of moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is kind of cookie. If you haven't had any of that psychotherapy, it can be a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, if, if you are going to be late. Let me know if you're not going to attend, please let me know 24 hours in advance so that I can offer
Gwenevere Abriel: The appointment to someone else. And so when you get a hold of that recovery journal, but I'll ask is, you have, as I've watched it's effective. This way, notice how you didn't have a number saved. So I go old school on this stuff. I go
Gwenevere Abriel: Have written handwritten a bright her health one 800 number have handwritten virtual clinic and my personal zoom room. This one doesn't change they do want everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's taken a while for me to conform to it. They want everybody showing up to virtual clinic beforehand, before you come in and meet with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as group so that that's a little clunky, but it in these early morning hours. You don't have to be there too early, maybe even five or 10 minutes as the day progresses, you're going to notice some people are waiting a half hour to get to get an ID number, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes you can go in and do these little fam surveys, the day before six hours before and just knock it out and then, you know, don't wait around
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've been kind of learning as I'm going kind of what works and the clients. You guys are the ones that really tell me what's working in there and what's not. We are independent contractors, which means I don't really, you know, have a boss, you know, it's, we're kind of independent
Gwenevere Abriel: And I earn my living when you show up in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that makes any sense. I'm not a salaried employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's dive right in. I know it's clunky, but we've got a lot to cover and you're ready to start. Yeah. All right. Good. Okay, so, um, let's kind of start with what you and I talked about when we began
Gwenevere Abriel: Last night, when did you first have alcohol was your first use of that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Probably when I was about 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And you'll notice that I'm going to be asking and it'll get a little annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same questions about different substances same questions about different people. So it's going to sound like this age of first use and now I know it's 16. What was the progression.
Gwenevere Abriel: At its worst us how much was it and when was your last use that kind of thing. So, so kind of bring me into what that progression was for you age 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Immediately, were you drinking. You know, every night or how did it progress.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Is that was just the first time I tried it was like, just with friends.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did it progress from there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, it didn't until my son passed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. And how old were you when that happened,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was 26 I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: unspeakable grief. I'm so, so sorry unimaginable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age 26 and let me see. You are so that was 10 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your son passed away. And then what happened with the alcohol use, right there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I usually did it just so I didn't think about things or
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know. I guess I was bored. I didn't have. I didn't know what to do with myself. So I told my time with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how much were you drinking. So you're going to notice. I'll be asking things like, how much, how often for how long.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So when
Gwenevere Abriel: We are right then have a free drink and
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was drinking like I was drinking brandy, then
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, and I would drink like like a half pint and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any for how many months or years were you drinking a half a pint at night.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I stay for a couple
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple what
Year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years. Okay, and did it progress from there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't think so. I think that I stayed about the same, because after that I was drinking like little shooters. You know, like, little tiny shooters. Okay. And I would only have like six of those, you would just
Galaxy J7 Crown: X. Yeah. About six but i mean i don't think that that's anymore.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Then what I was drinking before. Okay.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you told me when your last drink was, but I didn't write it down. When was your last ingestion means any alcohol.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I can't drink because I have to see a probation officer right now, so I don't want to go to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your motivation. When was your last
Galaxy J7 Crown: About six months ago.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Six months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is this difficult to talk about these these questions so far.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it is it's kind of hard to kind of really look at these details. So six months ago, so I'll be getting into sort of that that legal piece a little later in this section. It's just going to be really focusing in on on mood altering substances right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me go to. Have you ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: blackouts. If so, like 20 in your lifetime. Approximately how many
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have and I think 20 years row accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow okay about 20
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see, let me just touch base. There's a little cage screening. These are just some quick questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has anyone ever said to you, Hey girl, you know you you really need to cut down and you were kind of like annoyed by it. Anyone ever said that
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: To forgot to mention, you're going to hear me kind of talking funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a transcription. That happens. So you're gonna hear me say things like, Please transcribe verbatim. So that's what that is. I'm typing the best I can. But she'll do a much better job and and really organize things
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes to to that. And what about an eye opener where you know what boy I'm waking up and I need a drink in the morning that ever indicate
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Okay, denies eye opener.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever cut back like during those you know it's over these let's say last 10 years where you tried to cut back but just couldn't pull it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so when you want to, you were able to stop drinking
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't have to. I just do it to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had DTS.
Galaxy J7 Crown: One like detox or what
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so they're they're they're basically the shakes. If you're not drinking you ever gone. No, the client tonight's dt. History
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm, I'm going to after I go through the substances, then I'm going to ask you a little bit about treatment. History
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to say a lot of substances, all you gotta do is just say yes, no, if you don't know what they are. I'm not going to spend time educating around what they are. We'll just move on to the next section. So just say yes or no. Have you ever experimented with heroin.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: fentanyl
Gwenevere Abriel: Create them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ice
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know. That was like know how
Gwenevere Abriel: powder cocaine. Have you ever used in what age. Okay, what age.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh, I think I was in my 20s.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Was there a period of time in your 20s, where you are using every weekend for a few years. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. How many times would you say in your lifetime.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Two or three
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay lifetime use about two or three. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two dash three. And how about crack cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: No lifetime. Yes. Okay, ecstasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes honey. So earlier.
Galaxy J7 Crown: When I was in my 20s.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay lifetime use, what would you approximate
Galaxy J7 Crown: Just a few names.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like three
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how about math.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So denies lifetime us there a bar Picchu it
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: benzodiazepine aka Xanax
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, well, I was prescribed Xanax
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what age.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was because very early 20s.
Gwenevere Abriel: Early 20s. Okay. And you stayed on it. You didn't stay on it. How did that go
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't stay on it because I didn't like the way it made me feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you stayed on it for how long.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm probably just a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kinda
Galaxy J7 Crown: Kinda like groggy and just a girl. I didn't feel I didn't feel right. I felt tired and just plop it in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this a psychiatrist or primary care physician or off the street.
Galaxy J7 Crown: While you were prescribed. Yeah, it was from psychologists
Gwenevere Abriel: And psychiatrists. Do you know what they were treating with the diagnosis was
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I have I have bipolar disorder. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we were diagnosed that at age two, what do you think
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, I say 21 or 22
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And there's this whole other section that I'll get into around psychiatric medication. So we can delve more into that right here is mostly around substance use, that has to do with a recreational and they've developed maybe into chemical dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last year. Well, let me just see. So last use was in your 20s or has there been some more recent use of a benzo
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about huffing behavior or whippets
Gwenevere Abriel: Mushrooms.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay PCP or acid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Okay, denies hallucinogenic.
Gwenevere Abriel: History
Gwenevere Abriel: Mushrooms PCP acid all history of hallucinogens night any use of steroids. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and Asia first use of tobacco.
Galaxy J7 Crown: 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and did was it like, Okay, well, now I'm smoking. Smoking every day. What was the progression between now and then and now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't I smoked. Well, I started then will I tried it then. And then I started. I'm probably when I was about 18
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what was the amount
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, I guess, smoke cigarettes, but I only smoke like a few cigarettes a day one pack will last me like three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is that true from about AJ team today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Lots of few days, a few days. All right. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: And first use of any of the many means of ingesting THC so angel first use
Gwenevere Abriel: I was 1616 and what was the progression of us from there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, well i i probably I didn't a lot. Whenever I was a teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that every day, every weekend, how often
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm probably not every day. But every weekend would be accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how much were you smoking about every weekend.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Bowls like
Gwenevere Abriel: One ball or to
Galaxy J7 Crown: A couple of probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting it and last use
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's been a while. I don't really know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five years three months. It's just for me, you can be. You can guess.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I said it probably a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right. Let's see, we've covered quite a bit. What about pills like short acting opiates percocet oxy hydrocodone
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I have
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've taken percent
Galaxy J7 Crown: But I have five C section. So they were prescribed
Gwenevere Abriel: So age of first use of what you described as Percocet, as your first use
Gwenevere Abriel: 1717 okay and was that right there at age 17 was that recreational or was that a prescribed by a physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed described. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you use that ongoing afterwards in in a recreational way or you used it for that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Models for
Gwenevere Abriel: How many, how long did you use it on your medical
Galaxy J7 Crown: only give you like 30 tablets or whatever. I don't know. So until they're gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you didn't go seeking it on the streets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or friends cabinets. I got to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other use. So there's that period of time at 17 any other episodes where you're kind of on an ongoing basis.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and last use of it anything within the last year or so.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever used you pornography Suboxone 70 texts are those words kind of foreign to. Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: The boxes. But no, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Galaxy J7 Crown: But never, I don't know. Drugs like that, or just I people lose sight of what's important to them. And if they're just me. I can't understand how anybody would ever do those
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move over to treatment history. Have you ever been in treatment to address alcohol or any other are basically the only things I'm seeing here right are marijuana and alcohol. Right. I mean, that's all that we're really saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, did you have you ever been in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're overlapping on the telehealth. Have you ever had substance abuse treatment before
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. When was it WHAT YEAR OR HOW OLD WERE YOU be the one
Galaxy J7 Crown: Who was two years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years ago. Okay. And that was
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember something about sort of a mental health sort of episode was that the same thing for to all bundled together.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I was more for
Galaxy J7 Crown: Mental Health kind of thing. But while I was there. I mean, I got the help I needed for that. I mean, if you're not drinking and you I got clean while I was there because while I was there for almost a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So David, I couldn't even go outside. I had bedtimes like they gave us medications. There was times for everything. So
Galaxy J7 Crown: I
Galaxy J7 Crown: Actually, there's no choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was, was this Court mandated
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was just sort of you had this
Gwenevere Abriel: Admission at into the hospital and then you and your physician to
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know, I had a friend. Call the ambulance for me because they were concerned. And while I was in the hospital. They asked me if I wanted to get some help. And I said, yeah, so they sent me there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like, was it mesa. What was the name of it. Do you happen to know
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, it was.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay. It was Missy a valley.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: You see a valley.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not too, too familiar because I'm here in Florida, but I'm starting to get to know some of the names
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have that episode because two years ago you were there for about a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you do any day or any na
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no sponsors obviously done
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Any detox facility at any point in your life where you detox.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and any outpatient where you actually see someone like me on maybe once a week or every couple weeks or once a month, we really talk about underlying thoughts, feelings beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, really. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is, it is that that bit right there and then us
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, we're gonna. All right, I got you. So it gives me a real sense of, of how much contact you have with various therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm just going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight resident. Well, we'll call that two years ago peace residential
Gwenevere Abriel: And denies I op denies after care and outpatient levels of care. This is her first episode of outpatient level of care, please. Okay. Doing great. Let's go to another section already did that when you had a lot of notes. So moving right along.
Gwenevere Abriel: psychiatric symptoms. So let's see. They've got a list here. Now I'm going to follow their structure. I kind of did my own thing up there. I wanted to make sure we covered lots of stuff, but it's not. I'm really trying to follow their structure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever been diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you told me by color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any eating disorder or impulse control disorder.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm obsessive compulsive disorder.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Does anyone ever talk to you about that.
Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to spend a little bit of time talking about three things. One of them is is suicidal ideation homicidal ideation and self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for some people they kind of mesh together self injury with suicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've noticed that for many people. It's not the same thing. They might burn or cut themselves or tattoo almost because they sort of enjoy the psychiatric really from the tattooing, but it's not the same thing as 10 intending to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, have you ever engaged in any self injurious behavior.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, no.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your life.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I thought about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that two years ago. Is that what you wanted your friend call okay so you wanted to die, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it stays at a thought and other people, it moves into planning did yours move into planning, you were starting to plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What was your lethal means it could kill you. What was the planning, you were having
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, well, there's a very
Galaxy J7 Crown: Dangerous bridge here. It's called the Omega bridge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you were thinking about that bridge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you start to take action toward it, where you can do
Gwenevere Abriel: You go ahead
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I was going to. Okay, and instead you reached out to your friend.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know they call the ambulance on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your friend was in
Galaxy J7 Crown: In the house with you, giving I had friends over.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And they call that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'm glad they were there really glad they were there. If you ever have that kind of thought again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't be shy at all, don't even have to justify will this available. I just tell me if you can or text me something to message that that it's it's sort of getting to that point, I'm going to want to help. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about. So this episode right in here is that the only time you've had suicidal thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. It's kind of scary.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no recent or current suicidal ideation plan interaction. Okay so client denies current recent suicidal ideation plan intent okay connection and
Gwenevere Abriel: What about in your lifetime homicidal ideation.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite nice lifetime homicidal ideation thought content production.
Galaxy J7 Crown: There's definitely people I want to be shit out of the
Galaxy J7 Crown: Big
Gwenevere Abriel: I always tell people, is it the same guy that cut me off on the freeway over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: In New Mexico. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you eat dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know self injurious history.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now we're into certain the psychiatric piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: What besides that the benzodiazepine what other psychiatric medications that you've been prescribed
Galaxy J7 Crown: On the ones that I talked to you about yesterday.
Galaxy J7 Crown: But not
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. I've got some down here, actually, that notes right in front of me psychiatric
Gwenevere Abriel: medication history we've got boost far you've got circle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reaching
Gwenevere Abriel: Out to look up that men that men one
Gwenevere Abriel: That went through me.
There.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Were always hard to say.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medications. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently being
Gwenevere Abriel: Seen by a psychiatrist.
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies current psychiatric medication management or care already
Gwenevere Abriel: And the just curious doesn't have to be hysterical. But was there anyone that you did notice you liked the effect that it had on your mood.
No.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't think I even recognize like I couldn't tell the difference between one or the other because I was on so many
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Galaxy J7 Crown: I wanted to have them re evaluate because I
Galaxy J7 Crown: I honestly didn't feel any different, like I didn't feel nothing like
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know, I just, I didn't. I don't think I was on the right stuff or something, I don't know.
Galaxy J7 Crown: The circle, help me sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that was kind of one of the ones I wondered, and I have seen
Galaxy J7 Crown: Some good tell the difference, because I would take it like I would take one.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I would lay in my bed and about like
Galaxy J7 Crown: Say 30 minutes later I could feel myself like just like falling asleep. And then if I wake up, you know, to, like, go to the bathroom, my legs felt heavy like
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't want to get up. Sometimes I just wanted to stay asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have seen some physicians in this in bright heart health prescribed that I know you mentioned earlier, wondering if the physicians here would do that. I mean, it's obviously it's up to them, but I have seen them prescribe that
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go joyful. Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's the only one like whenever I was in the hospital. They gave me like they tried like three or four different ones in circles. The only one that worked.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go over to this next section I'm watching the time and we have about 15 minutes and we have quite a bit to cover
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you adopted.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm going to be asking about different members of your family, it'll be the same kind of questions but there'll be different people that I'm asking about is your mother alive or just like, Okay. Does she have any substance use, including alcohol history or psychiatric illness.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So my mom. She does have an alcohol problem.
Galaxy J7 Crown: She was kidnapped and raped and left for dead when she was a kid, somebody knocked on her door and kidnapped her
Galaxy J7 Crown: Cut her up really bad and Richter, and
Galaxy J7 Crown: left her she escaped.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh. Did you ever get treatment for that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't think she did, because she's kinda
Galaxy J7 Crown: Everybody tells me that she was really different before that happened. I mean, obviously I don't know because I wasn't born, but I never seen her normal like she's always
Galaxy J7 Crown: And honestly, I don't have a relationship with her any way because I didn't meet her till I was five. My dad took me from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're going to hear me ask about the quality of relationship and you just gave me a little bit of insight, um, let me see if I can find some word in there to distant okay but are you guys close now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, we never have been never
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever abusive between you and your mom.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Mentally yeah like I live with her. I think three years out of my life and I would always ask for my dad so she finally just called him and told him to come pick me up.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I'm looking at a whole bunch of words. So abusive mentally abusive. I got that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever chaotic controlling exploitive with your mother. No, no neglectful parasitic or punishing
Gwenevere Abriel: Know traumatic.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I think it was traumatic for me because I had two, three other siblings with her.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And she didn't treat me the same as she did them so
Galaxy J7 Crown: It was because I was with my dad for so long and I preferred him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy unsatisfying unsupportive
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then as far as a mother's medical illness. Do you know anything about our medical history.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's move over to father is he living
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so any substance use, including alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Any psychiatric history that you know
Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm his so his mom, she had a lot of boyfriends all the time and she let her boyfriend's sexually mentally abused him and physically abused him.
Galaxy J7 Crown: He's grew up in a boy's home because he accidentally
Galaxy J7 Crown: killed one of the guys with a baseball bat because he hit him with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old was your dad.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I think he was a teenager, probably about between 14 and 16
Gwenevere Abriel: life will never be the same. After that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of your parents have had significant trauma.
So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grew up with traumatized parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Now that isn't a diagnosis. Let me ask you something. Do you know if your dad or anyone either on Mother's side or father's side, um, had any suicide attempts, certainly history on either side.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any schizophrenia, that you know of on either side of the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any medical illness with your father that you know
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know my dad, he's honestly I've only seen my dad drink like beer twice in my whole life.
Galaxy J7 Crown: He's never I mean he smokes cigarettes. But that's it. He doesn't do anything. And I've never seen him do anything different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I'm going to move into words that speak to the quality of relationship with your father would you describe it as adequate close or consistent any of those words.
Galaxy J7 Crown: All all three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fulfilling functional
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, loving
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Michael
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I mean, he's
Galaxy J7 Crown: So he doesn't. He's not really like he can't help me like I can help him.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Supportive
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, any of these other words like relationship with Father abusive avoidant boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling distant
Galaxy J7 Crown: No. Well, I mean, it's distant because we live in two different states, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Fragile inconsistent or neglectful
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Punishing stale traumatic.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhealthy and happy and satisfying and supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. All right. Um, and then the quality of their relationship. Yeah, I know it'll be see if I can find where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Between the two D. Sometimes it's just stories, but do you know if their relationship was abusive avoidant growing boring chaotic or can you
Galaxy J7 Crown: Read it was abusive.
Galaxy J7 Crown: But I don't know how much I believe that, though, because I've never so my dad is with a woman now um well she actually helped him raise me as a baby.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And she does have a drinking problem. And she was very abusive like towards him, and he never he never did anything back to her like she would hit him and
Galaxy J7 Crown: I mean, he probably grab or something. But he wasn't he never liked retaliated so I don't know how much I believe the stories are heard with my mom and my dad because it just doesn't feel
Galaxy J7 Crown: It doesn't feel accurate because I seen what he was like growing up and there's no way that he could change from that to what he is now like it just doesn't make any sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: This purse always difficult for me to get get things in order like this in birth order. Are you first, second, third, what do you fall
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm the oldest
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first born
Gwenevere Abriel: Of how many siblings.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Hope goodness gracious. Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Joe Tiffany Ed Travis Colt Cherokee six
Gwenevere Abriel: Joe, Tiffany.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy one what Travis.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so there's
Galaxy J7 Crown: Joe Tiffany Ed sac.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Travis Colt.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Cherokee and Jordan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just answer yes no Joe is male.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if any female
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, etc. Male
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Max male
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes promises male
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold his male
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Cherokees out female
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, and Jordan. I don't know.
Galaxy J7 Crown: You right he's a male
Gwenevere Abriel: I was gonna guess but I'll just let you tell me. Okay, please transcribe um
Gwenevere Abriel: And thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you especially close to any of those siblings.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Just my brother, Zach. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So close close quality with
Gwenevere Abriel: See what they got else in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently married or have been married
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have been married, but I'm not married now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he living
Galaxy J7 Crown: I wish he wasn't. Yeah, but he is
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, um, we say something
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: definitely say that, let's go down. I think it must be the next section is come down here, what's in here. Where are we born
Galaxy J7 Crown: Can you just study
Gwenevere Abriel: When your mother was pregnant with you. Was it normal prolong premature.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I think it was normal. I mean, I haven't heard anything otherwise.
Gwenevere Abriel: For your milestones on time you crawled on time walked on time.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I guess so. I don't really know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were a baby, where you describe does anything that you remember stories like anxious easy cranky cuddling.
Gwenevere Abriel: A house or try not to see us think it's good to pass up. I think we're good for you described as anxious easy cranky or cuddly any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, extrovert fussy happy introvert.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I really don't know anything about like
Gwenevere Abriel: Elmo fine any childhood fears that you remember
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And when you think about school was it normal outstanding just liked school disorganized dyslexia hated it. Okay. Were you hyper active and attentive either of those.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was very, uh,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've always enjoyed my time my space. My personal space.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've never been like a people person.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've always wanted to be by myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any reading problems speech problems math problems listening problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. What didn't you like about school is that the people
Galaxy J7 Crown: You can probably just be
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and when you were younger. Did you notice that you had a list a few close friends, many friends teased by friends.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And you go whenever I was in high school I had like a little click, you know, like
Galaxy J7 Crown: There was just, okay, so there was a few
Galaxy J7 Crown: There's about three girls and about four guys that I hung around
Galaxy J7 Crown: And we were a lot of my friends all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever grounded.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a belt.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a fist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not really my dad never so my brothers will get spanked. But when I was my turn. I cry and he let me go.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you've never been slapped
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not we're not, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you experienced, um, were you were you ever bullied at school.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you ever neglected where you were left alone for extended periods where you kind of had to. You were responsible for your own Beijing or you took care of other siblings, when really at parents should have been doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and physical abuse.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not no physical
Gwenevere Abriel: No physical abuse. What about from a friend partner stranger in your lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm touched inappropriately by anyone in the family when you were younger.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My step mom's brother. He tried
Galaxy J7 Crown: To that I made it very clear that it was unwanted attention and
Gwenevere Abriel: He stopped over you.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I say I was like 12 maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and so you did you speak up and you recorded it and you said, hey,
Galaxy J7 Crown: This is no anybody, but we were all sleeping in like the living room and he was sleeping kinda close to where I was and he tried to like he tried to do something and I kind of just
Galaxy J7 Crown: I just kept moving like moving to where you couldn't. So he just stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a survivor of a sexual assault later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or raped now.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your life any fire setting. Did you ever setting fires.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever cruel to animals know
Gwenevere Abriel: Run away from home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have steel.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have to enter
Gwenevere Abriel: Charlotte from school.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever bring a weapon to school.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: A far did you get in school.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And my finished the temp start at the 11th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do you currently are. You have Floyd
Gwenevere Abriel: Your employer full or part time
Galaxy J7 Crown: Full time
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you describe your employment I your financial status is stable or unstable.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: To describe yourself as bisexual heterosexual lesbian
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm better
Gwenevere Abriel: Single partner multiple partner.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Single partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Currently in a romantic relationship.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it abusive chaotic or close or consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic chaotic is they're controlling behavior.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, there used to be but not so much anymore. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And neglectful
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been with him.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Almost eight years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a divorce in your history right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plate I'm I see I've got one minute left. So you're going to see me kind of, if you can believe talking faster, which is hard to play. Do you have children.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I do
Galaxy J7 Crown: How many. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have anything with you, are they
Galaxy J7 Crown: In that, so my two younger children they live with me that
Galaxy J7 Crown: No one's there 15 and 16 they live with her dad in Kansas.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And my deceased.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like to do for fun like hunting gardening.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I like to
Galaxy J7 Crown: play baseball. And I like to swim.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in your lifetime. How many times have you been arrested.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over over 20 over 15
Galaxy J7 Crown: Maybe 20. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, maybe 20 times most of the time. Is there a kind of a pattern like is there a theme to what the arrest around
Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: Whenever I was younger was mostly for warrants.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Like not going to work or something like that. But, like, more recently, it was for like physical altercations with my significant other.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I know there was one time. My sister bailed me out of jail, three times in one week.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a rough week
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 10 if you had to sort of self assess where you see your self esteem 10 being high meaning if I if I set myself to want to do something. I don't do it. I believe in myself. I know I can. That'd be a 10 oh where do you kind of think you are these days.
Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't, I don't feel good about really anything I do things because I have to. And if I don't, it's just not going to get done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, from zero to 10. What number would you put yourself esteem at these two
Gwenevere Abriel: Or four. Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't have to go to work, I wouldn't. Okay. I mean, I didn't have to do certain things. I wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move into we basically finished the formal part and we're two minutes over my client hasn't come into the waiting room just yet. So I want to see if we can create two goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't have to be perfect there just to sort of jumpstart our work together so that we have something to steer what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your terms what you want when you look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want out of therapy and what do you, what's your goal. Oftentimes,
Galaxy J7 Crown: It helps
Gwenevere Abriel: It helps I
Galaxy J7 Crown: I honestly I just want to feel better. I'm mentally
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And anything around the the alcohol. Do you have any goals around that I got the mental part of God that
Galaxy J7 Crown: I just, I honestly would just like to, like, just cut it out completely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to cut out alcohol completely
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, timing I got client just going here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry this assessment is so difficult. I mean, it asks us to talk about such sensitive things that deserves a whole hour every single question. And so, sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What availability, you might have over the coming weeks.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I'm off on Thursdays and Fridays.
Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So anytime those days would be perfect Thursdays. I talked to my probation officer at 1030 in the morning, those calls only last like not even five minutes she just asked me a few questions. And then we hang up. I completely
Gwenevere Abriel: forgot to ask you about that. I usually ask, is there an open case. So you are on is how many eyes in one year to year probation, how long
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm actually not even on probation. It's conditions of my release.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're on a pre trial release status.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there. Is it a
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I say, are you in a program where they're going to be watching
Gwenevere Abriel: Certain things right, you have to take classes, etc. So is there a set time frame like you'll be under this status for a year.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So I have court. This next Friday, hopefully I won't have to see you in a war after that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: You were the only thing that they wanted me to do like
Galaxy J7 Crown: They only went yes so
Galaxy J7 Crown: They told me to get a couple classes and before I go to court and they're going to dismiss my my cases.
This next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, I better jump out of here, but I wrote down what you said, which was I have Thursdays and Fridays off and on what I'll do is I'll, I'll text you and let's see if we can come up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm I'm booked. But things change. People need to change schedules and this and that. So I'm going to see what I can come up with. Over the next few days to create time for us to meet and then we'll have a set time
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I can kind of have some predictability and you know I mean you could kind of say, oh, I know I'm going to meet with her at this time and it can feel predictable for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a pleasure to meet you and look forward to talk with you again.
Galaxy J7 Crown: All right. Thank you.